Update view-account-license-and-service-details-with-microsoft-365-po… (#12796)
MicrosoftDocs/microsoft-365-docs: microsoft-365/enterprise/view-account-license-and-service-details-with-microsoft-365-powershell.md

(Get-MgUserLicenseDetail -UserId belindan@litwareinc.com -Property ServicePlans)[0].ServicePlans
```

> This script will generate a CSV file for all users with columns for `DisplayName`, `UserPrincipalName`, `SkuId`, `SkuName`, and each of the `ServicePlans`. If a user does not have a certain service plan assigned, it will show up as "Not Assigned" in the corresponding column. Please replace `"C:\Users\Public\M365LicenseReport.csv"` with your desired output path.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This script will generate a CSV file for all users with columns for `DisplayName`, `UserPrincipalName`, `SkuId`, `SkuName`, and each of the `ServicePlans`. If a user does not have a certain service plan assigned, it will show up as "Not Assigned" in the corresponding column. You should replace `"C:\Users\Public\M365LicenseReport.csv"` with your desired output path.
```
